auto print night a small offset with a
big difference auto print night is a
single color 15 inches by 20 inches
offset printing machine developed based
on customer requirements auto print
night can produce excellent multicolor
and solid print outputs night comes as
an ideal expansion solution for small
offset printers the quality of large
offset the features of large offset at
the price of a small offset printing
machine that is Auto printed night for
you
night is packed with some of the most
essential features night is a front
loading offset printing machine which
provides for easy mounting of plates and
direct offset masters
Knight handles paper sizes ranging from
a minimum of four inches by six inches
to a maximum of 15 inches by 20 inches
it can also handle paper from 30 GSM to
300 GSM thickness but variable speed
between 1,500 and 6,000 sheets per are
the full types I'd lay with online micro
adjustment facility ensures precise
registration even at higher speed the
speed set plate clamp with a register
pinned location and the scale
significantly reduced the make ready
time and improve productivity this
plaint clamp is more flexible to hold
direct offset masters as well as
aluminum plates night is provided with
15 ink rollers which includes four
oscillating and three former owners
mounted on bearings this arrangement
provides for excellent print results of
solid and multicolor jobs
the dampening system has five rollers
which includes one oscillating and to
form rivers the gear driven oscillators
ensure oscillation of up to 22
millimeters this increased oscillation
system results in better
ink grinding and even spreading being
producing better dot strength the
control panel ensures operational ease
it provides controls for speed inching
facility up accounting presetting
cumulative our meter productivity meter
and overload protection
double sheets detectors and those sheet
detectors are provided as a standard
feature the centralised lubrication
ensures lubrication of all moving
components by just pumping the hand
lever chain delivery system ensures to
handle all varieties of paper stops the
delivery stacker enables proper and
orderly stacking of paper Auto print
night is compact in size and runs on a
single-phase AC power supply